- Two more then I
say we get something to eat.
Yeah? What are you thinking?
- How about taking spot?
- I don't know.
They changed the seasoning on their fries.
They going with that Cajun crap now?
Anyway. what do you
think of the Irish place?
- Nah. they used too many onions.
- Fair enough.
Alright. how about you talk on this one?
- Thanks.
Bayview Police.
We're canvassing the neighborhood
looking for a missing girl.
Just wanna ask a few questions.
I can't see Dick in here.
- Yeah. everything's blacked out.
That's pretty strange.
You wanna take a look around back?
Real quick.
- All right.
- Got an open door in front.
- That ain't good.
- Bayview Police.
Hello?
- Dispatch. got a possible
10-62. requesting backup.
- Ten four.
Units in the area respond.
- Hey.
Stack. stack. stack. stack. stack.
Fuck. You smell that?
- Yeah. Where's it coming from?
Got blood.
- Jesus Christ.
- Over there. Over there.
- Lemme see your hands.
Put down the knife.
- On your knees. motherfucker.
- Put down the knife.
Put the God damn knife down.
- Welcome back. ghost hunters.
to another spine chilling
episode of "The Otherside."
- For those of you who
are just joining us.
I'm Tony. your guide to the paranormal.
- And I'm Amy. your navigator
through the unknown.
- Tonight we have
something truly terrifying
in store for you.
- We're here at the
infamous Lockwood house.
home of one of the most
grizzly murder sprees
in recent history.
- Not only are we entering this house.
we are committed to stay the entire night.
no matter what we encounter.
- We might be the first
and only ones to have been in this house
since the night the killer lost his life.
- So what are we gonna find?
- Paranormal presence. lost souls.
something more sinister?
- Tune in and find out...
- As we venture into the other side.
Ever since I was little.
I could feel a connection
with the paranormal.
When I was growing up.
I had numerous paranormal
experiences within my house.
Some people called it a curse.
but I think it's a gift.
And today. with the help of my team.
I will use that gift to seek out
and document the paranormal.
Welcome to "The Otherside."
- Alright. you ready?
- Yeah. Everyone. please
put your phones in the van.
- Why?
- Phones can mess with the readings.
- Plus the service out here is garbage.
- Yeah.
- Tony. let me keep the keys.
- Why?
- In case I need to move the van.
- So you can back it up into another tree?
Fucking hilarious.
- Seriously.
- I'll tell you what. if you
need to move the van. radio me.
I'll come out and I'll move it for you.
I'll even show you which pedal means stop.
Have fun.
- Fuck this place.
All right. losers. I'm
looking good back here.
Let's get started.
- It is way bigger than
I thought it was gonna be.
- Yeah.
- All right. video monitors are set here.
Camera feed looks good.
We're all set up on my end.
- I know there's a few entrances.
but most of them are
boarded up unfortunately.
- All right. time to find a way inside.
Looks like the front is boarded up.
but there might be a way in the back.
- Perfect.
Kate. let's not wander off. please.
Okay.
- All right. team. feeds are looking good.
No audio or video interference.
We're. we're set to keep going.
- This place is perfect.
Damn. we got lucky with this one.
- Yep. Creep value is definitely outta 10.
They should have burned
this place to the ground.
- It's set to be bulldozed next week.
We're gonna be the last
people inside this place.
- Isn't that fitting for
our final episode. huh. Amy?
- Fucking weird.
- It's reproduction
value. We can't complain.
- So much energy here.
- All right. good work.
everybody. we're inside.
Why don't we go ahead and
head down to the basement.
It looks like that's
where everything happened.
So it's where we're gonna start.
- Copy that. van boy.
Holy shit. you guys.
this is it.
This is where it happened.
- Oh hell. yeah.
Okay. let's get set up in that
room for some Lester lore.
That'll be perfect.
- Oh God. it stinks in here.
- Yep.
A lot of nasty stuff
happening in this room.
- Yeah.
- All right. everything
looks good set up in here.
Coming in clear and audio is crisp.
- Yeah. maybe don't
touch anything in here. guys.
- Wasn't planning on it.
- And we are clear to roll.
So let's get started
with the Lester segment.
Okay. everybody? Lester segment.
- We've made our way into the house
and we were immediately
drawn to this area.
- This spot is where a
six month reign of terror
finally came to an end.
- Lester Morgan was a recluse.
He kept to himself. but that all changed.
- Starting in May. Lester
abducted his first victim.
- Ashley McKenna was
walking home from work
when Lester pulled up in a
van. drugged her. and took off.
- And this shocked the local townspeople
because it seemed like she
just disappeared overnight.
- But it didn't stop there.
another girl went missing.
Then another and another.
- This sparked a statewide manhunt
as one of the most high profile
abduction cases in history.
- Police were baffled.
The town was on edge.
- And the horror finally came to an end
one cold October night.
- Two police officers canvassing the area.
entered the house after hearing a scream.
- They came to this very
corner and ended his life.
We are standing in the exact spot
where Lester took his last breaths.
- Great work. everybody.
That is a wrap on the intro scene.
Let's go ahead and grab
the camera equipment
and go ahead and explore the house.
Cameras one through four are live.
Let's go ahead and set up a
REM pod in the living room
and get started on the ghost hunting.
All right. REM pod is set.
Let's keep going though. don't slow down.
- This guy definitely
was serious about his mirrors.
- Yeah. you can say that for sure.
- You know.
I was thinking that if
this episode takes off.
I don't know. maybe we can
do another season or...
- Tony. can we not talk
about this right now?
- Perfect.
Let's set up here and go
through how Lester snapped.
- So what made Lester snap?
- Why would a relatively
normal man just go crazy?
- A man with no criminal
history or violent past.
seemingly the perfect citizen.
- The police reports indicated
that leading up to the abductions.
Lester was acting manic.
- He would talk to himself
or to another person
as if there was a presence he could see.
something insidious.
- Was this presence telling
him to do these evil things?
- And the obsession with mirrors?
- A gateway to the afterlife?
- It was rumored that
he kept them all covered
since he didn't wanna see himself
committing these heinous acts.
- So then why have mirrors at all?
Was there something
more paranormal at play?
- REM pod. Rem pod above the
fireplace. it's going nuts.
- That's the REM pod.
It's picking something up.
- Lester. is that you?
If you're here with us.
do me a favor and touch
this little device.
It'll let us know you're
trying to make contact.
Fuck.
If that was you setting off the REM pod.
can you please do it again?
Or you can give us a knock.
move something. touch one of us.
We're not here to hurt you.
we just wanna know what's
going on in this house.
- Jesus Christ. are you guys all right?
- Everybody good?
- Yeah. What the fuck was that?
- Where did that even come from?
- I don't know.
- God.
Maybe Lester is here.
- Great. team.
Okay. let's get the rest
of the equipment out.
put it in the house.
I think the kitchen would be
the best place to store it.
- All right. make sure
you have your camera
and the EMF readers.
- Got it.
- Oh. and keep the Polaroid on hand.
We're gonna need it soon.
- Okay.
And make sure you stay outta Tony's way.
He doesn't really have
much patience anymore.
and he gets frustrated if we have to cut.
- Of course.
I'm just super excited
for this opportunity.
I have been a big fan for so long.
- Well. good.
There's been a lack of
excitement around here recently.
so hopefully you can change that.
If you need any help. just let me know.
If you do well here tonight.
I think I'll have another
opportunity for you in the future.
- Okay.
- Come on. Dylan. let's get some B roll.
- Amy?
Amy. is that you?
Amy?
- Holy fuck.
- I heard screaming.
What the fuck is that?
- Let me show you.
Okay. so horrible room.
- Right.
- Mannequins.
If you come over here
though. that's the best part.
Ready?
Take a look at this guy.
- What's the deal with all these masks?
- Well. police thought it was similar
to the mirror thing. right?
Wear a mask.
it's almost like you're not
the one doing the killings.
- Also. I think I have a plan.
- Okay?
- Now. Lester. he liked
younger women. right?
So what we do is we use
Kate as bait. right?
We have her out in the open.
and then maybe Lester will show up.
- Tony. can you not joke
around about shit like that?
- Amy? I just...
Why is she even here?
Does she not know it's the last episode?
- Ah. don't ruin her night.
Okay. she's a huge fan of ours.
You should just go and talk to her.
Come on. do it for me. please.
- Fine.
- Thank you.
- So I hear you're a big fan.
- Yeah.
- Cool.
So you must be pretty bummed out
that the show's ending then. huh?
- The. the show's ending?
What do you mean the show's ending?
- You know. if you say Lester's name
in the mirror three times.
he'll show up and he will get you.
- He's a serial killer.
He's not Bloody Mary.
- Okay. let's test that theory then.
Lester.
Lester!
- All right. Kate. come help me set up.
This is not what I had in
mind when I said talk to her.
- Lester.
- Fuck.
I'm getting interference
here. hold on a sec.
Alright. that's enough of that.
Let's move on to the next segment.
We gotta keep moving here.
You guys hear that?
There's some sort of audio interference.
Katie and Dylan. can
you go check that out?
That's very funny. guys.
can we please keep moving?
Stop with the fucking jokes.
- Dude. don't touch that.
- What? It's a souvenir for Bradley.
No?
Okay.
- All right. now's a
good time to get set up
with the LED lights.
Let's get the Falcon eyes. the
EMF reader. and the Polaroid.
and let's get ready.
- All right. we're gonna need the cameras
to get set up.
- Okay. got it.
This is so sick.
What the fuck?
- Hey.
Hey. hey guys.
Guys. I lost the light here.
I think the batteries are dead.
Dylan. go and check the D-tap.
- Can you guys hurry up?
- Dylan is on it.
Just give him a second.
- I can't see anything
down here. I don't like this.
- Come on. Kate. hurry up. we're ready.
- I'm coming.
- Okay. start the Polaroid
segment. Move to the living room.
That's where we're gonna
get the best stuff.
- Tonight we have a
special piece of equipment
for our investigation.
- Alongside our digital gear.
we're bringing back a
classic. the Polaroid camera.
- Now you might be wondering
why use an old school Polaroid
when we have all this high tech gear?
- Well. the Polaroid
camera holds a unique place
in paranormal investigations.
It's about capturing
instant physical evidence.
- See. with digital cameras.
there's always the risk
of technical errors
or doubts and authenticity.
With the Polaroid. what
you see is what you get.
A photo develops right in your hand.
- And there's more to it.
The instant film process of a Polaroid
can sometimes capture energy forms
and spectral phenomena that
a digital camera might miss.
- And this is because the Polaroid
is sensitive to different light spectra.
possibly even beyond our normal vision.
almost like a window into the unseen.
- So tonight. this Polaroid is
going to be our tangible link
to the paranormal.
Who knows what we might capture
on this little piece of history?
- Great work on the Polaroids.
Keep snapping pictures.
Let's try and capture something spooky.
Great. yeah. keep checking the footage.
See if we got anything cool.
Anything real. anything we can use.
- Anything?
- Not really.
What the hell?
- What?
- The mirror.
There's. there's a shadow or something.
- It could just be bad film.
- I don't think it was the lighting.
What the fuck?
- What happened?
- Just cut my
finger on something. Oh.
- I think you'll live.
- All right. one
through five are live for us.
but six is kind of bugging out.
Dylan. go up there and check it out
and tell me what to find.
- I'm on it.
Stupid fucking cord's loose.
How about now?
- There's still nothing there. Dylan.
- Nah man. it's
this fucking cord. Hold on.
- Alright. cool.
Just see if you can gaff tape it.
Yep. you got it. Good job.
Let's move on to the next segment.
Time to introduce the
spirit box. everybody.
- Tonight we're going to introduce you
to one of the most fascinating tools
in our paranormal investigation
arsenal. the spirit box.
- Now. this little gadget
might not look like much.
but it's incredibly important.
The spirit box was designed
to rapidly scan through radio frequencies.
- The idea behind it
is based on the theory
that spirits can manipulate
these frequencies
to create words and sentences.
essentially communicating
with us from the other side.
- As it scans through these frequencies.
you'll hear a mix of white
noise and normal broadcasts.
but occasionally. a clear
voice will break through.
And that's what we're listening for.
potential communication from spirits.
- And the most exciting part.
sometimes these messages
are direct responses to our questions.
making it a two-way communication
with whatever might be out there.
- And it's not just radio snippets.
we're looking for relevance.
We're looking for
answers to our questions.
Anything out of the
ordinary from your natural
or normal radio chatter.
- It's an essential tool for us.
Tonight. we're hoping the spirit box
can help us uncover the mysteries
hidden within these walls.
Now. let's calibrate it and
start asking some questions.
Is there anyone here with us?
- If you're here now.
can you give us a sign?
- What the hell?
- You're gotta be fucking kidding me.
I just put batteries in this thing.
Dylan. can I get your...
Jesus. Fucking thing.
- Well. what the fuck was that?
I can't tell if that's radio
interference or something.
- Who are we speaking to?
Identify yourself.
- No. it's not coming
from any of our equipment.
Are you guys doing something?
Everybody hears the knocking. right?
- What's doing that?
- It's coming from in there.
Anything?
- It's very creepy.
- It's cold as fuck in here.
- Lester. if that was you knocking.
can you do it one more time?
That way we know for sure it's you.
- Fuck. yeah.
- How you holding up? You okay?
- Yeah.
It's. it's just...
Is this normal?
I've. I've watched all your videos
and I've never seen
anything like this before.
- Yeah. this place is different.
It has another level of energy.
dark energy.
- But we're not in any danger. are we?
- Break's over. guys?
- Alright. come on.
let's get back to work.
We've only got seven hours until sunrise.
Everything looks good. All set up.
Equipment has enough battery.
We really need to get rolling though.
Tony. could you do like
a little bit more for me?
Put a little bit more into it.
- I'm sorry. what?
What do you. what do you mean a bit more?
- Act better. Like. I need more emotion.
The footage is great. It's great.
Except for. except for you.
- You know what. Brad. you want
to come in here and do this?
- I will if I have to.
Damn sure do it better than you would.
- Just keep your eyes on the monitors
and leave it to the fucking pros.
Fucking nerd.
Kate?
- Yeah? Coming.
What's up?
- What? What? What
are you. what are you doing?
- I'm just setting up the
lights like you told me to.
- You still playing with that
nose? You should put it back.
Don't mess with the stuff in this house.
Come on. we're almost done setting up.
- What? What are we doing next?
- It's time to find out whose
presence is here with us.
- It is time for our fan
favorite now. everyone.
the Ouija board.
Let's get started.
All right. all the cameras are set up.
Whenever you guys are ready.
let's start the Ouija board.
- All right. now we are
going to try to communicate
with the spirits in this house.
This can be extremely dangerous
as we don't know exactly who
we are going to be speaking to.
the victims of this
house or Lester himself.
- We have to be very careful.
Don't try this at home.
We are seasoned professionals.
- We understand how to properly
communicate with spirits.
- But if you wish to
attempt this on your own.
you have to remember
when you end the session.
just say goodbye.
- If you fail to say goodbye.
the gateway remains open.
and you are inviting the
spirit into this realm
until you close it.
- Got it?
Good.
Let's begin.
- Are there any spirits in this room
that would like to make
their presence known?
- Are there any victims whose
lives were taken from them
who wish to communicate?
- It may take them a while
to become comfortable with our presence.
These victims are most likely confused
due to the violent nature of their deaths.
- It's possible they're stuck
in what we call the nether.
a realm between life and death.
- Is there anyone here
who would like to communicate with us?
Did you move it?
- No.
Are you a victim?
- Don't fuck with me. Tony.
- I'm not doing that. Amy.
- Hey. it's not fun to watch
you guys bickering. okay?
Who cares if he's moving it.
Hell. move it even more. I don't care.
All right. the footage looks good.
Let Amy do her thing. okay?
- Wow. Brad. for once.
can you let us work here?
We have it under control.
- Tony. what are you doing?
Don't break the connection.
What the fuck?
- Holy shit.
Okay. um. we need to
stop. I don't like this.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Tony. do something!
- What do you want me to do. Amy?
- Tony. you saw that. right?
- Of course. I fucking saw that.
- What the fuck is going on?
Fucking Jesus.
Bradley. please tell me you got that.
- You fucking bet I did. Whole thing.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Did you guys put that together?
- Are you crazy?
Of course that wasn't us.
- I told you we should be careful.
This is not something to mess with.
- Guys. this is it.
This is the proof that
we've been looking for.
This is the real deal.
- Guys?
Guys. I think there's something back here.
- Wait. lemme see. Lemme see.
Watch out.
There's a room.
- What?
- Tony. see if you
can make that hole bigger.
- Okay. yeah. there's
definitely a room in there.
- It just keeps getting better.
See if the GoPro will fit through.
We can see what's in there.
- Okay. Brad. what are you seeing?
- Just kind of looks like a room.
Some sort of like workshop kind of thing.
- What else? Do you see a way in. or?
- Pan to the left a little bit.
Signal is weak.
- What about now?
- Now I'm not getting a signal.
Fuck. No. the signal's
all out. I can't see shit.
- Now? I. I can't go any more left.
- No. dude. the signal's
out. I can't see anything.
There's gotta be another
way in that room. okay?
We need to find it
and we need to do a spirit
box session in there
or something.
- Maybe there's a latch or something.
- Over here.
This board's loose.
- Watch out.
- What the fuck is this place?
- I think this is the kill room.
- It fucking stinks in here.
- Yeah. and it's also freezing.
- Really? It seems about
10 degrees hotter to me.
- What the fuck? What the fuck?
- Jesus fucking Christ.
this place is perfect.
Alright. let's. let's
get all of our equipment
that's available in there stat. all right?
People love this hidden room shit.
So let's get our EVPs. spirit box.
Let's get the GoPros.
static cams. everything.
Fuck yeah. People are
going to eat this shit up.
Let's go ahead and run
a spirit box in there.
- Lester. are you there with us?
Lester. we are in your kill
room. We are close to you.
Can you give us a sign
that you were here with us?
We wanna find out why
you killed those girls.
Was it you who did it?
Or something. something
evil make you do it?
- Looks like we got our answer.
- Lester. what made you do it?
Can you give us another
sign that you are here?
Can you give us another sign
that something made you do it?
- What the fuck was
that? Did you guys see that?
- Dylan. did you get that?
- Yeah. fucking board was standing up.
- Now what is that?
- In the corner. you'll see a VHS player.
See if we can plug it into our power bank.
If we have enough charge.
let's get it running.
- This is how he kidnaps them.
- This is a fucking snuff film.
- Turn it off.
Tony. turn that shit off!
- Sorry.
- Back up the tape.
We'll add it to the cut when
I get back to the office.
- You got it.
Kate. pack the tape. It's coming with us.
- Are you sure we should be doing this?
- Pack the tape.
You doing all right?
- Yeah. it's just tough to
watch that kind of stuff.
- Yeah. it's. it's fucked up.
It's coming for a great episode though.
You good to go?
- Yeah. I just need a second.
- Okay. enough of that. guys.
let's just head upstairs and
see if we can find anything.
- Kate. while you're at it.
grab the rest of the gear.
- REM pod. it's going nuts.
Kate?
Kate. what the?
Kate. are you okay?
Kate!
- Okay. Okay. Okay. It's okay.
- Bradley. it's not that hard.
Just play back the footage
and let us know if you saw anything.
- It's pretty fucking
hard when I'm not seeing shit.
- I swear to God. I saw
something down there.
- She swears to God she
saw something. Brad.
- Okay. well. she could swear to Satan.
I don't have the fucking footage.
- Fuck!
Okay...
Amy. it's time.
- No. it's too early.
Amy. Amy...
- I don't feel-
- There's something
here. We are this close.
We have to do it now.
- I don't like this. There's
so much dark energy here.
I can feel it's pressure.
- Then I'll do it.
I can handle it.
- You haven't done it in a while. Tony.
Okay. you. you don't. you can't.
- If there's something here. I'll find it.
- What is he talking about?
- We're looking good over here. everybody.
Let's get set up for the Estes method.
- Alright. we're about to begin
our most powerful communication technique.
- Yes. we've been getting
unusual readings and anomalies.
but we need a stronger. more
direct line to the paranormal.
- We're going to be
using the Estes method.
a technique designed to heighten contact
with the other side.
Its primary purpose is to
establish clear communication
with spirits during our investigation.
This is more than just a tool.
It's a bridge to the other side.
- And we can't forget the
motion detection lights.
There are objective eyes
capturing any movements
that might occur during the session.
- After the session.
we analyze everything.
the responses. the timing. the lights.
It's a puzzle and we're
putting the pieces together.
- The Estes method isn't just a technique.
it's a journey into the unknown.
It bridges science and the paranormal.
pushing the boundaries
of what we understand.
This method is risky.
so we urge no one to try this
without proper experience.
We are trained professionals.
- So with that being said.
let's begin.
- Alright. we're. we're looking good here.
The salt's down. candles are lit.
Estes method is ready.
- All right. let's begin.
Are there any souls that
wanna communicate with us?
- Skies.
Around.
Still sit.
Onward.
It's like...
- There's nothing of note so far.
It may take some time
for the channel to open.
We have a channel open.
Talk to Tony. He's here for you.
- Sam?
- Are there any souls who lost
their lives that wanna talk?
- Over in.
- You must be feeling emotions.
Are you scared. lost. angry?
- It's like...
We're here to help.
- Girl.
- Let us know.
The responses can sometimes be random.
In order for them to be
classified as evidence.
they need to be timely and relevant.
- Hide.
Run.
He's coming.
Cold.
Run.
Hide.
Clown.
- Hey. Hey. Tony.
- Lester! Lester!
Amy. kill Kate. Lester.
Lester! Lester!
- Hey. Hey. Tony.
What the fuck? Is he okay?
Guys. we need to stop.
- Lester. Lester. Lester.
- Okay. we need to stop.
Fuck. what's wrong? Tony!
- Amy.
Kill Kate.
Lester. Lester.
- Please. we need to hear now.
Lester. Lester. Lester.
- Tony. oh my God.
Tony. what's going on?
Tony. can you hear me? Are you okay?
- Is Tony having a seizure right now?
- Tony? Tony?
No. no. no. Tony. wake up. Wake up.
Tony. wake up. Wake up. Wake up.
Oh my God. Oh my God. Are you okay?
Oh my God. Are you alright?
- Yeah. I. I think I. I just blacked out.
- Well. you just had
a seizure. Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
- No. Get up. Come on.
We're getting out of here.
- Just. just wait a second. okay?
I mean. you. you really wanna do this?
- We did our job. We can leave.
- We can't fucking back out now.
I. I mean. this is what you wanted. right?
- It's not safe anymore.
- No. I think we should stay.
- What? Are you serious?
- You just had a seizure. Tony.
I mean. look at yourself.
You need medical attention.
- Ssh.
If this is our last show. our last chance.
then we need to stay.
- Tony. it's not your call.
- I said I'm fucking fine. you guys.
- I'm not leaving you here.
You're coming with us.
What the fuck is your problem?
- You are my problem. baby.
All this time we wanted
proof and now we have it.
And you just want to bail.
- I'm not playing with our lives.
This isn't a game. Tony.
Okay. it's not worth it.
You can sit here and wait.
I'm getting the others in the van
and our equipment out of here.
And I'm not leaving you. okay?
We're a team. We'll always be a team.
So get your shit together
and let's get out of here.
- Guys. guys. we cannot
back out now. okay?
We can get more footage.
but we cannot leave.
- What do you want me
to do. Brad? Stop them?
- Yes. fucking stop them. okay?
We don't have nearly enough.
We have to finish what we started.
- What the hell. Tony?
- Look. Amy.
this whole time you've
wanted me to believe. right?
To share in your passion.
Well. guess what? I believe now.
- It's too late.
- So what?
You're just gonna leave
everything that we've worked for.
Leave everything behind.
- That's not it.
- Then what is it. Amy?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Okay. we have everything
here that we need.
What's the fucking problem?
- Fine. Do you wanna do this?
You wanna know what my fucking prob-
No. my fucking problems.
You wanna know what my
issues are with you. Tony?
Where do I even start?
Your attitude. your arrogance.
You don't share my passion.
Your head hasn't been in the right place
this entire fucking time.
The reality is. I don't need you anymore.
Okay? I'm done.
- When did you become
such an ungrateful bitch?
Don't you walk away from me.
- Hey. Tony. what the fuck. man?
- Amy. Amy. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I. I didn't mean that. I didn't mean that.
- Okay. okay. I'm gonna go pack up.
You just meet us upstairs.
- Amy?
- Tony. you all right? You hear me?
Guys?
- Tony. you in here?
Hello? Tony?
- All right. we're good.
Get Tony and we can leave.
- I don't know where Tony is.
- What do you mean?
- He just vanished. Amy.
I've looked everywhere.
- This can't be happening.
Bradley. what the is going on?
Where's Tony? This isn't part of the plan.
- No. I. I don't fucking see him.
I am looking everywhere.
I don't see him anywhere.
- Shit.
- Fuck.
Fuck. Where the fuck is he?
Tony? Tony. come the
fuck in. Where are you?
Fuck. he's walkies's broken.
- We have the whole
damn house wired up. Bradley.
Find him.
- Gotta be here somewhere.
He was in the garage last.
Go down and check there.
- I'll go upstairs.
Kate can take the basement.
- Just fucking find him
and let's get out of here.
- Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
fuck. where the fuck is he?
Bradley. find him.
- I'm fucking trying. okay?
- Fuck.
All my cams are down. Hello?
- Tony? Tony. you in here?
Come on. Tony?
Where'd you go?
Tony?
- Kate?
Kate?
Kate. what the fuck?
- Bradley. what the fuck is going on?
- Fuck.
- Guys. what the fuck?
All my shit is failing.
What the fuck did you do?
- Bradley. we need to
get the fuck out of here.
- What are you guys doing?
I. I lost all my video feed.
- Guys? Hello?
What the fuck are you
doing? I can't see shit.
- Yep. we need to
get the fuck out of here.
- Look. dude. I saw
something. Where's Kate?
I don't know.
- Bradley. did you find Kate?
- No. I have no fucking video.
but I have audio coming from the basement.
- It's Tony.
Tony?
Are you okay?
What happened?
What?
He's not well. Dylan. come on.
help me get him to a table.
Bradley. we up here. Do you hear me?
We need to get outta here.
Guys?
- Bradley. do you hear me?
- Bradley. we need to
get Tony out of here.
- Fuck. Okay. fine.
Just. just get him sitting up
and I'll pull the van around back.
- Fuck man. are you all right?
Tony. are you good? Can
you say something. please?
Amy. can we speed this up?
- Guys? Guys. what do you do-
I've lost all the cam footage. Hello?
Fuck!
- No. Tony. stop.
No. Tony. stop. What are you doing?
Stop. No.
- Tony isn't here.
- Fucking killed him.
We all part of this.
I gotta get the fuck outta here.
Hello? Hello? Can somebody
fucking answer me?
Where the fucking keys?
Where the fuck are the keys?
Fucking Tony! Fuck!
- Please. you have help him.
Dylan. help him.
Please.
Please. Bradley. you
have to help me. please.
God damn it.
- Fuck. Okay.
Okay. I'm coming inside.
Just...
hide in there
and I'll be in there.
I'll get you out.
- You can do this. You can do this.
- Okay.
There's the door. Come
on. Brad. Come on. Brad.
Amy?
Tony?
Guys. where are you? Hello?
Guys?
Hello?
Oh. Jesus. fuck.
Tony. Tony. please. Fuck.
Tony. it's me. Stop. Stop.
Please stop. Please don't.
- I need to get.
I need to go back where Bradley got it.
You can do this. You can do this.
Please. help me. Please. help me.